 Here is a summary for Chapter 1 of your erotic novel in about 1000 words:

Chloe sighed as she looked at the eviction notice tacked to her apartment door. Her photography business in Chicago had been struggling for months,  and now she was on the verge of bankruptcy after losing her biggest client. At 25 years old, she had poured her heart and soul into building her career over the last few years. But despite all her hard work and passion, she was failing.  

Despondent, Chloe called her best friend Jenna and told her the news over drinks. "I'm so sorry, Chlo," Jenna said sympathetically. "What are you going to do?"

Chloe shook her head, at a loss. "I don't know. I've tried everything to keep my business afloat. Short of a miracle, I'll be closing my doors within the month." 

Jenna thought for a moment. "You need to take a vacation and recharge. When's the last time you actually took time off? An inspired, refreshed Chloe might be able to turn things around."

Chloe sighed, knowing Jenna was right but feeling uneasy about abandoning her responsibilities. Yet what choice did she have? "You may be onto something. An escape from it all could help clear my head and reignite my creativity."

Jenna's eyes lit up. "Then Hawaii it is! Maui is stunning this time of year. The natural beauty will get your creative juices flowing in no time."

The next morning, Chloe booked a two-week trip to Maui, hoping for the best but preparing for the likelihood that she may return to Chicago only to close down her business for good. She tried not to think of what would come after, focusing on her friend's advice to rest, unwind, and rediscover her inspiration. 

When Chloe arrived in Maui a few days later, she understood at once why Jenna had recommended it. The island was nothing short of paradise, from the swaying palm trees to the turquoise ocean waters. Her tension and anxiety seemed to melt away in the island breeze.

One morning, Chloe set out with her camera to photograph the sunrise on a secluded beach. As the first rays of golden light glinted off the rolling waves, a surfer in the distance caught her eye. She snapped a few shots, zooming in on the mysterious athlete as he gracefully navigated the swells. Little did she know the surfer in those photos, a man named Kai, was about to change the entire course of her life during her time in Maui. Her career wasn't the only thing about to be reignited on this little island...her passion for life and love was also about to be swept away on the tides of fate and fortune.