 Here is a summary of chapter 5 in about 1000 words:

Chloe gazed at the turquoise waters of Wailea Beach and swiped through the photos on her camera, still in disbelief over her sudden success. The viral images of Kai riding the waves had garnered over a million likes in just a few days and caught the attention of SurfWear, a major surfing apparel company. They were flying her to their headquarters in Sydney to discuss an opportunity to travel the world as their new surfing photographer.

While Chloe was overjoyed at this dream career, her heart ached at the thought of leaving Maui—and Kai. Though they had only known each other for two short weeks, she felt a deep connection with him that she had never experienced before. He understood her passion for adventure and living in the moment. With him, she felt inspired, carefree and alive. 

Kai walked up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist, kissing her cheek. “You’re awfully quiet today. Everything OK?”

Chloe turned to face him, grasping his hands in hers. “Kai, SurfWear wants to hire me as their official photographer. They want to send me around the world to shoot surfing events and promote their brand.”

Kai’s eyes lit up. “Chloe, that’s amazing! You have to take it. This could be your big break.”

“But it would mean leaving Maui. Leaving you.” Chloe searched his eyes, hoping he would ask her to stay.

Kai sighed, gazing out at the ocean. “We both knew this was a temporary paradise we found here. I have my surf school, and you have your photography. As much as I wish we could stay in this bubble forever, the world is calling us back.”
 
Chloe swallowed the lump rising in her throat. She knew Kai was right, but it didn’t make their impending separation any easier. 

Kai brushed his thumb across her cheek. “Don’t be sad, sweet girl. We’ll always have Maui. Maybe when the storms clear on the horizon, our stars will align again. But for now, go follow your dream. This is the adventure you’ve been waiting for.”

At the airport the next day, Chloe clung to Kai, tears streaming down both of their faces. “I wish you could come with me,” she whispered.  

 “I’ll be here,” Kai said. He gently wiped her tears away and kissed her tenderly. “Now go show the world your talent. But save some inspiration for me, OK?”

 Chloe smiled through her tears. She gave Kai one last lingering kiss, pouring all the love and hope she held for the future into it. They broke apart slowly, hands clasped, eyes locked. 

Finally, she picked up her camera bag and with a brave smile, turned to board the plane. This was hardly a goodbye, she told herself. They had found paradise once; somehow, she knew in her heart they would find it again. Her great adventure was just beginning.